projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---
### [Rails and React Quote Carousel](https://github.com/chemturion/react-quotes)

There's a lot of tutorials on React out there. This one by [Google's X-Team](https://x-team.com/blog/get-in-full-stack-shape-with-rails-5-1-webpacker-and-reactjs/) was by far the best at simplifying the approach using **Webpacker** and **Rails 5**.

### [GitHub Battle](https://github.com/chemturion/github-battle)

[GitHub Battle by Tyler McGinnis](https://tylermcginnis.com/courses/react-fundamentals/) was a pure React implementation. Configured step by step sans Rails to learn the basics of components, props, and state.

### [Ruby on Rails 5 Essential Training](https://github.com/chemturion/content-management-system)

I've taken a lot of courses on Lynda thanks to free access as a Dallas Public Library member. [This one by Kevin Skoglund](https://www.lynda.com/Ruby-Rails-tutorials/Ruby-Rails-5-Essential-Training/500551-2.html) was reinforced the basics I learned as a student at the Flatiron School. Check out those [atomic commits](https://github.com/chemturion/content-management-system/commits/master)!

### [Ruby on Rails: Get More From Active Record](https://github.com/chemturion/active_record)

[Kevin Skoglund delivers again](https://www.lynda.com/course-tutorials/Ruby-Rails-Getting-More-From-ActiveRecord/452751-2.html), and wow was that a lot of information! This course was a homework assignment from a class I'm taking at Dallas Makerspace on Rails & React. The app I'm building is [RubyStems](https://github.com/chemturion/rubystems), in which users answer multiple choice questions about Ruby, Rails, and Git (because that's what I know). I compiled a starting [question bank](https://github.com/chemturion/rubystems/blob/master/rails_question_bank.md) from this course.

### [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/chemturion/)

Also part of my homework from Rails & React at Dallas Makerspace. Over time, I've found that my solutions often match or resemble very nearly the most popular solutions.

Commit message:

added food-finder to projects

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---
### [Rails and React Quote Carousel](https://github.com/chemturion/react-quotes)

There's a lot of tutorials on React out there. This one by [Google's X-Team](https://x-team.com/blog/get-in-full-stack-shape-with-rails-5-1-webpacker-and-reactjs/) was by far the best at simplifying the approach using **Webpacker** and **Rails 5**.

### [GitHub Battle](https://github.com/chemturion/github-battle)

[GitHub Battle by Tyler McGinnis](https://tylermcginnis.com/courses/react-fundamentals/) was a pure React implementation. Configured step by step sans Rails to learn the basics of components, props, and state.

### [Food Finder](https://github.com/chemturion/food-finder)

Vanilla Ruby application. Or would it be called a Raw, Uncut, or Rough Ruby app? Nevermind... it's a Ruby app you run in the terminal using `ruby init.rb`. Based on Lynda's [Ruby Essential Training](https://www.lynda.com/Ruby-tutorials/essential-training/47905-2.html).

### [Ruby on Rails 5 Essential Training](https://github.com/chemturion/content-management-system)

I've taken a lot of courses on Lynda thanks to free access as a Dallas Public Library member. [This one by Kevin Skoglund](https://www.lynda.com/Ruby-Rails-tutorials/Ruby-Rails-5-Essential-Training/500551-2.html) was reinforced the basics I learned as a student at the Flatiron School. Check out those [atomic commits](https://github.com/chemturion/content-management-system/commits/master)!

### [Ruby on Rails: Get More From Active Record](https://github.com/chemturion/active_record)

[Kevin Skoglund delivers again](https://www.lynda.com/course-tutorials/Ruby-Rails-Getting-More-From-ActiveRecord/452751-2.html), and wow was that a lot of information! This course was a homework assignment from a class I'm taking at Dallas Makerspace on Rails & React. The app I'm building is [RubyStems](https://github.com/chemturion/rubystems), in which users answer multiple choice questions about Ruby, Rails, and Git (because that's what I know). I compiled a starting [question bank](https://github.com/chemturion/rubystems/blob/master/rails_question_bank.md) from this course.

### [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/chemturion/)

Also part of my homework from Rails & React at Dallas Makerspace. Over time, I've found that my solutions often match or resemble very nearly the most popular solutions.
